---
title: "2023H2 Goals"
date: 2023-07-01T11:09:00+08:00
---

## Mini-Reflection on "Open-Diary" and the Past Failures

Having goals is a good idea, and it's even better to pursue them.

Last year, around this time, I came up with the idea of an "open diary" concept. It allows people to keep an open diary as a review and share it like a blog post. I wrote my first post back then, and now it has been a year.

However, I think that's okay.

When it comes to learning and personal growth, one should try to be "sharemess". It's more rewarding to focus on what works rather than what doesn't. So, we should keep trying until we achieve something that truly works—a success. As for the things that didn't work out, we can forget about them. Our attention is limited, and we tend to use it on things that are more valuable and interesting rather than on nonsense

## 2023-H2 Goals

Back to the main topic -- here's my goal for 2023-H2:

**Career:**
- Put the focus onto the work itself. Knowing the in&out about our system.
- Being the owner for at least one system.

**Personal Growth:**
- Reading: Finish 3 technical books in H2 and another 3 non-technical books.
- Blogging: 
    - Keep the "open diary" as a habit, but don't talk about sensitive work staff.
    - Try to have a proper (could be short) post around once per week.
- Project: Continue building my "Todopeer" project, release on PlayStore & Web.
- LeetCode: Maintain the daily quest.

**Personal Health:**
- Maintain regular sleeping hours.
- Wake up at 6:30 AM - then I can have the morning time (7-9 AM) as "Me Time."
- Do jogging (can be as little as 2km) 3 times per week.