---
layout: post
title: "When Coding, Taste Matters"
description: "Code having a good taste means it's readable, maintainable, and testable."
category: "thoughts"
tags: ["coding","software engineering",front-page]
lang: en
---

There was one infamous quote from Steve Jobs: "The problem with Microsoft is that they simply have
no taste".

This is clearly biased. Apart from the mater of taste, Microsoft has lots of other issues; and the
"taste" here emphysis more on the aesthetic side, rather than engineering. While I believe that the
reason for a project to fail, engineeringly, is mostly because of the taste issue. A taste of clean
code.

It is very hard to write *clean* code. By `clean` it means:

### DRY: do not repeat your self

  This is the most important point about `clean code`, and it is mostly ignored by `Code Monkey`.

  It is very hard to keep code DRY. When people first start coding, there is no clear structure yet,
  and the specification is never complete. Thus similiar issues would be encountered again and again
  when coding, and people tends to be lasy therefore just copy from the previous solution, and make
  modification accordingly.

  As time passing, the duplicate code got rooten and the code smells.



### Refactor Often
  
  Thus the code needs to be refactored often.

  Refactor

### Write test for the code, before actual code
### Handle Special Cases

### Name Properly
### Function should do one thing, and do it well
  Do what the function declared to do, nothing more, nothing less
### Try not to write comments. If needed, write `clear` comments
### Keep Code Short
### Separation of Logic, Decoupling
, have clear boundary, do not cross the line
  - Follow a clear Design Pattern
  - Document the interface well
